Reducing the memory footprint of active series custom trackers (#2568)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Reduce activity tracker memory allocation. #3203
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Log more detailed information in the case of a failed query. #3190
* [ENHANCEMENT] Compactor: Add new `cortex_compactor_block_max_time_delta_seconds` histogram for detecting if compaction of blocks is lagging behind. #3240

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Reducing the memory footprint of active series custom trackers. #2568

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: reduced the memory footprint of active series custom trackers. #2568
```
